What did you confess to you on purpose?
What do you think?
He's willing to be a keyboard warrior
Why don't you accept him?
Man's mouth deceiving ghost
He, Gu Yunting, is the one who wants to cut off Xu Shilian's baby
Xu Jiao is his legitimate aunt
Me?
At most, it is the canary he keeps in this garden
When his lover
I don't want that. Hmm.
I support you, right?
I have another very important thing to do with you this time.
I'm going to participate in this family search
Looking for my biological parents
Do you want to report to the world next year?
Forget it, they abandoned me in the first place
Why should I go to them?
Besides
I have children now.
Everything else doesn't matter. Hmm.
Mr. Gu specially asked me to buy a gift
I hope Secretary Jiang will like it
Hey, Vice President Xu
Sorry.
It's okay Xu Taizhu
How does Mr. Ku know?
My favorite Cartier jewelry.
He's so sad for me
Vice President Xu, this gift is